Optimeleon Full Stack Engineer 
Optimeleon is getting ready to revolutionise the way companies handle marketing 
by introducing an AI based conversion rate optimisation tool chain that includes 
page variation generation, A/B testing and smart analytics. As an early stage Full stack engineer, you will be involved in all aspects, right from 
researching to delivering solutions for our product. You will take lead of 
development of features that form the core of our SAAS product. Being a small team, it is crucial for you to be well versed with the AI landscape, 
producing production grade code, while at the same time being fast at what you 
do. Achieving a good balance of quality and speed is one the few primary 
challenges here. The 12 Factor App is a good set of guidelines to follow. Please 
make a note of this before attempting to solve this challenge. 
Smart A/B testingOptimeleon Full Stack Engineer1
💡Overview:
In the world of marketing, the ability to test variations of a product page 
helps marketeers make informed decisions. For this your challenge is to 
build a system that helps our business customers manage their 
individual projects and run smart A/B tests. A variation is an alternative 
version for a page (for e.g with updated product description, different 
colours, images etc)
Objective:
Create a marketing SaaS application that allows users to create projects. Each 
project generates a script that can be injected into a clientʼs website. This script 
will switch routes by appending a  ?variation= parameter to the URL, which changes 
for a visitor based on the current time of the day.
Requirements:
 Web App:
Use Next.js for the frontend with server actions.Implement a user interface for creating and managing projects. Each project should have a unique script that can be injected into a clientʼs 
website.Bonus] Implement an authentication system Database Services:
Separate database access code as a layered architectureImplement RESTful APIs that trigger creating and updating scripts.Bonus] Separate the db service into its own sub package within the mono 
repo Background Job/processOptimeleon Full Stack Engineer2
Implement a job that can be triggered when a new project is created. This 
job creates/updates the scriptsBonus] Use a task queue  Storage:
Store the data in memoryStore the scripts on discBonus] Use a database of your choice paired with an ORM of your choice. 
(we use postgres and prisma) The Script:
The generated script should switch routes on the client website by 
appending a  ?variation= parameter to the URL.Assume there are 4 variations a,b,c,d and the criteria for selection can be 
as simple as doing a  mod 4 on the current time of the day.Bonus]: think of a strategy to ensure that the script only works on an 
intended url Project Structure:
Organize the project with a clear folder structure (using a monorepo) for 
frontend, packages, and shared components.Use best practices for code organization (layered architecture) and 
modularity.
Time to Solve: Around 6 HoursPlease note that the problem statement is intentionally large, do not spend more 
than 6 hours solving this problem. The requirements are loosely defined and we 
expect you to make reasonable assumptions with your best judgement of the 
domain we are in. We also recommend spending some time planning on how you 
will solve this problem. Your github solution will be a mirror of how you think, plan 
and execute. It helps to write down a solution, break it down into solvable chunks 
and then create commits on Github with an incremental strategy. Make a Optimeleon Full Stack Engineer3
submission with wherever you leave, adding a small description of the missing 
parts and your plans. 
What to submit:
A github repository with clear instructions README on how to get the project 
runningREADME should also contain a small write up describing your solutionjustifying your decisionsthe main challengesfurther improvements you can think of for taking this to productionIf the project is at an incomplete stage, then how were you planning to solve 
the problem
Scoring is based on the following:
Your understanding of the problem statement and your approach to solvingYour github repository is a good place to work and display an incremental 
approach with commits that solve specific parts of the larger goalThe solution itself and how you present itthe code should run with minimum configurationsdocumentation, even if primitive, also serves as a way to understand your 
thought articulation (a code should certainly be self explanatory with the 
least amount of comments. Documentation should include pieces that 
serve to be mostly non functional requirements, assumptions and other 
things that cannot be expressed with the code)Adherence to generally accepted coding standards (we are a small team and 
your daily chunk of work will be huge, ensuring that you output great quality 
code is crucial)Prefer easy to follow code over a complex code (e.g bitwise operations are 
fast but the code is unreadable)Optimeleon Full Stack Engineer4
Bonus points Proper documentationWrite test casesWrite a CI/CD pipeline to deploy this product to a cloud provider of your 
choice.
How to submit:
Please submit your solution within a week of receiving this task. Please let us 
know in advance if this isnʼt possible.Create a private github repository and invite  xxxNam3xxx and  abcdefghiraj as 
collaboratorsReply with an email that you have completed the task so that we can setup the 
next call.The correctness of the expected outcome, including the bonus points, is 
something that is expected of all engineers at Optimeleon, and is intended to 
make collaboration easier. This serves as a good window for you to understand 
what you can expect from your team members.
Tip: We are an AI company and using AI and/or google, 
stackoverflow etc to help you wherever needed is completely 
acceptable, but you should be able to explain what your code 
does, be able to navigate through it, and be able to make ad 
hoc changes during the next round.Optimeleon Full Stack Engineer